Added tables of db versions and postgresql extensions. (#501)
catalyst-cloud/catalystcloud-docs: source/database/versions-and-extensions.rst

##########################################
Available database versions and extensions
##########################################

********
Versions
********

> The following database versions are available on CatalystCloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following database versions are available on Catalyst Cloud:
```

.. list-table::
   :widths: 20 20
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Database
     - Version
   * - MySQL
     - 5.7.29
   * - MySQL
     - 5.7.36
   * - PostgreSQL
     - 12.4
   * - PostgreSQL
     - 12.17
   * - PostgreSQL
     - 12.18

*********************
PostgreSQL extensions
*********************

> For the PostgreSQL database the following addition extensions are available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the PostgreSQL database the following extensions are available
```

(or "additional")
